[16.0][ADD] fleet_vehicle_usage: New module (#135)
OCA/fleet: fleet_vehicle_usage/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds record the use of fleet vehicles by employees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allow to record usages of fleet vehicles by employees, with their dates, states and comments.
```

> This module allow to record usages of fleet vehicles by employees, with their dates,

Reviewer: Sorry, my bad:

```suggestion
This module allows to record usages of fleet vehicles by employees, with their dates,
```
